README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=0e75b6&height=150&section=header" />
</p>

<h1 align="center">Hey there 👋, I'm Arshpreet Singh!</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Arsh-2k&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat-square" alt="Profile Views" />
  <a href="https://github.com/Arsh-2k?tab=stars" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Arsh-2k?label=Stars&style=flat-square&color=FFD700" alt="GitHub Stars" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Arsh-2k?tab=followers" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Arsh-2k?label=Followers&style=flat-square&color=0e75b6" alt="GitHub Followers" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Arsh-2k?tab=repositories" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Public%20Repos-See%20All-blue?style=flat-square" alt="Public Repos" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=00F7FF&center=true&vCenter=true&multiline=true&width=600&height=100&lines=Hey+there!+I'm+Arshpreet+Singh+%F0%9F%91%8B;Coding+%7C+Chess+%7C+DSA+%7C+Web+Dev;Always+Learning+Something+Cool+%E2%9A%A1" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>

---

### 🚀 About Me

- 🎓 I'm a CSE undergrad passionate about tech, logic, and building useful things.
- 💻 Currently exploring: **Programming**, **Data Structures & Algorithms**, and **Web Development**
- 🧠 I enjoy solving real-world problems through code — and making things that *don’t just run*, but *matter*.
- ♟️ Chess, geopolitics, and algorithmic thinking keep me sharp.
- ✨ Goal: Contribute to Open Source and build projects that speak louder than words.

---

### 🚧 Featured Projects

> These are projects I'm either working on or plan to build soon. Stay tuned as I update this section!

- 🔗 [Portfolio Website](https://github.com/Arsh-2k/portfolio)  
  *A personal website to showcase my projects, skills, and blogs. Built using HTML, Tailwind, and JavaScript.*

- 🌍 [RepVision](https://github.com/Arsh-2k/RepVision)  
  *A clean, interactive workout web app that helps users follow fitness routines directly through curated YouTube tutorials — all without needing to sign in. Designed to be distraction-free, mobile-friendly, and fast.
.*

> 🔄 I’m constantly updating this list as I learn and build. Contributions, feedback, or suggestions are always welcome!

---

### ✨ Words I Live By

<blockquote align="center">
  <h3><strong><code>“The magic you’re looking for is in the work you’re avoiding.”</code></strong></h3>
</blockquote>

<blockquote align="center">
  <em>“In chess, as in life, it’s not always about having the best move — it’s about making the best out of the move you have.”</em>  
  <br>— <strong>Viswanathan Anand</strong>
</blockquote>

---

### 🛠️ Tech Stack(Learning)

#### 💻 Languages
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)

#### 🌐 Frontend
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)

#### 🧠 Backend
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)

#### 🗃️ Database
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)

#### 🧰 Tools & Platforms
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)
![Appwrite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Appwrite-F02E65?style=for-the-badge&logo=appwrite&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Arsh-2k&show_icons=true&theme=radical" alt="Arsh's GitHub stats" />
</p>

---

### 🗺 Contribution Graph

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=arsh-2k&theme=dracula" />
</p>

---

### 💬 Final Note

<p align="center">
  If you're reading this, you're already awesome! <br>
  Feel free to explore my work, connect with me, or even contribute. <br>
  <strong>Let’s grow together. 🚀</strong>
</p>

---

### 🤝 Connect with Me

<p align="left">
  <a href="mailto:arshpreet2k6@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/arshpreet-singh-309726238/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/@AspiringSDeV7" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Twitter Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Arsh-2k" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub Badge"/>
  </a>
</p>

### 🏆 GitHub Trophies

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Arsh-2k&theme=radical&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4" alt="GitHub Trophies" />
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=00F7FF&center=true&vCenter=true&multiline=true&width=600&height=100&lines=Thanks+for+scrolling!;Star+some+repos+if+you+liked+them+%E2%9C%A8;Happy+Coding+%F0%9F%9A%80" alt="Typing SVG Outro" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=0e75b6&height=150&section=footer" />
</p>

Commit message:

chore: update tech stack section title for clarity

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=0e75b6&height=150&section=header" />
</p>

<h1 align="center">Hey there 👋, I'm Arshpreet Singh!</h1>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Arsh-2k&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat-square" alt="Profile Views" />
  <a href="https://github.com/Arsh-2k?tab=stars" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Arsh-2k?label=Stars&style=flat-square&color=FFD700" alt="GitHub Stars" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Arsh-2k?tab=followers" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/Arsh-2k?label=Followers&style=flat-square&color=0e75b6" alt="GitHub Followers" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Arsh-2k?tab=repositories" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Public%20Repos-See%20All-blue?style=flat-square" alt="Public Repos" />
  </a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=00F7FF&center=true&vCenter=true&multiline=true&width=600&height=100&lines=Hey+there!+I'm+Arshpreet+Singh+%F0%9F%91%8B;Coding+%7C+Chess+%7C+DSA+%7C+Web+Dev;Always+Learning+Something+Cool+%E2%9A%A1" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>

---

### 🚀 About Me

- 🎓 I'm a CSE undergrad passionate about tech, logic, and building useful things.
- 💻 Currently exploring: **Programming**, **Data Structures & Algorithms**, and **Web Development**
- 🧠 I enjoy solving real-world problems through code — and making things that *don’t just run*, but *matter*.
- ♟️ Chess, geopolitics, and algorithmic thinking keep me sharp.
- ✨ Goal: Contribute to Open Source and build projects that speak louder than words.

---

### 🚧 Featured Projects

> These are projects I'm either working on or plan to build soon. Stay tuned as I update this section!

- 🔗 [Portfolio Website](https://github.com/Arsh-2k/portfolio)  
  *A personal website to showcase my projects, skills, and blogs. Built using HTML, Tailwind, and JavaScript.*

- 🌍 [RepVision](https://github.com/Arsh-2k/RepVision)  
  *A clean, interactive workout web app that helps users follow fitness routines directly through curated YouTube tutorials — all without needing to sign in. Designed to be distraction-free, mobile-friendly, and fast.
.*

> 🔄 I’m constantly updating this list as I learn and build. Contributions, feedback, or suggestions are always welcome!

---

### ✨ Words I Live By

<blockquote align="center">
  <h3><strong><code>“The magic you’re looking for is in the work you’re avoiding.”</code></strong></h3>
</blockquote>

<blockquote align="center">
  <em>“In chess, as in life, it’s not always about having the best move — it’s about making the best out of the move you have.”</em>  
  <br>— <strong>Viswanathan Anand</strong>
</blockquote>

---

### 🛠️ 🧰 Tools & Tech I’ve Used — and What I’m Learning
A growing toolbox of technologies I’ve explored and continue to build with as I learn.

#### 💻 Languages
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)

#### 🌐 Frontend
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)

#### 🧠 Backend
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)

#### 🗃️ Database
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-4EA94B?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)

#### 🧰 Tools & Platforms
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)
![Appwrite](https://img.shields.io/badge/Appwrite-F02E65?style=for-the-badge&logo=appwrite&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/Figma-F24E1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Arsh-2k&show_icons=true&theme=radical" alt="Arsh's GitHub stats" />
</p>

---

### 🗺 Contribution Graph

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=arsh-2k&theme=dracula" />
</p>

---

### 💬 Final Note

<p align="center">
  If you're reading this, you're already awesome! <br>
  Feel free to explore my work, connect with me, or even contribute. <br>
  <strong>Let’s grow together. 🚀</strong>
</p>

---

### 🤝 Connect with Me

<p align="left">
  <a href="mailto:arshpreet2k6@gmail.com" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/arshpreet-singh-309726238/" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://twitter.com/@AspiringSDeV7" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" alt="Twitter Badge"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Arsh-2k" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-100000?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub Badge"/>
  </a>
</p>

---

### 🏆 GitHub Trophies

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Arsh-2k&theme=radical&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4" alt="GitHub Trophies" />
</p>

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=00F7FF&center=true&vCenter=true&multiline=true&width=600&height=100&lines=Thanks+for+scrolling!;Star+some+repos+if+you+liked+them+%E2%9C%A8;Happy+Coding+%F0%9F%9A%80" alt="Typing SVG Outro" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=0e75b6&height=150&section=footer" />
</p>
